README.md, before:

# Quartermaster UI

## Introduction & Best Practices
Welcome to the Quartermaster UI repository; a React app, using:
- Flexbox
- Redux (state management)
- React Router
- PostCSS
- DraftJS

For all JS style related things, refer to the [JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/qrtrmstr/javascript) which is forked off Airbnb's JS style guide. *Note:* The React style guide isn't necessarily up-to date.

Other important rules
1. Do not add a UI kit/CSS framework!
2. 

## Set-up:
1. `$ npm install`
2. `$ npm start`
3. ... wait for `webpack: bundle is now VALID.` in the console
4. Open up [http://qrtrmstr.localhost:8080/](http://qrtrmstr.localhost:8080/)

## Troubleshooting
1. Webpack is red
Read the stack trace.. fix the issue. It's probably that you need to do an `npm install` because someone added a new package

2. Node is being weird
Make sure you're on Node 6, and have installed Node via nvm. `nvm use` should fix the issue. 
*NOTE: Our APIs are still using Node v4*

3. NPM takes forever to install!
YUP!

4. The dev server randomly breaks
Known bug... unknown fix. Bounty of 1 beer to whoever solves this problem for good.

## Build & Deploy:
1. Get Heroku toolbelt (`$ brew install heroku-toolbelt`)
2. Make sure you have Heroku credentials for UI repo
3. `$ heroku login`
4. `$ source scripts/build-ui.sh`
5. Grab the `app.js` url with the cache-revved hash code
6. Replace `/public/app.js` at bottom of `public/index.html` with `/app.[whatever].js`
7. Get Heroku static plugin: `$ heroku plugins:install heroku-cli-static`
8. `$ heroku git:remote -a qrtrmstr-ui` 
9. `$ heroku static:deploy`

Commit message:

Dev 203 -Implement OAuth2 process for Google Apps, Slack and LinkedIn (#81)
* Add google integration

* Add slack and linkedin integration

* Add in google login flow to main login page

* Clean up

* Hide integration buttons for now

README.md, after:

# Quartermaster UI

## Introduction & Best Practices
Welcome to the Quartermaster UI repository; a React app, using:
- Flexbox
- Redux (state management)
- React Router
- PostCSS
- DraftJS

For all JS style related things, refer to the [JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/qrtrmstr/javascript) which is forked off Airbnb's JS style guide. *Note:* The React style guide isn't necessarily up-to date.

Other important rules
1. Do not add a UI kit/CSS framework!
2.

## Set-up:
1. `$ npm install`
2. `$ npm start`
3. ... wait for `webpack: bundle is now VALID.` in the console
4. Open up [http://qrtrmstr.localhost:8080/](http://qrtrmstr.localhost:8080/)

## Troubleshooting
1. Webpack is red
Read the stack trace.. fix the issue. It's probably that you need to do an `npm install` because someone added a new package

2. Node is being weird
Make sure you're on Node 6, and have installed Node via nvm. `nvm use` should fix the issue.
*NOTE: Our APIs are still using Node v4*

3. NPM takes forever to install!
YUP!

4. The dev server randomly breaks
Known bug... unknown fix. Bounty of 1 beer to whoever solves this problem for good.

## Build & Deploy:
1. Get Heroku toolbelt (`$ brew install heroku-toolbelt`)
2. Make sure you have Heroku credentials for UI repo
3. `$ heroku login`
4. `$ source scripts/build-ui.sh`
5. Grab the `app.js` url with the cache-revved hash code
6. Replace `/public/app.js` at bottom of `public/index.html` with `/app.[whatever].js`
7. Get Heroku static plugin: `$ heroku plugins:install heroku-cli-static`
8. `$ heroku git:remote -a qrtrmstr-ui`
9. `$ heroku static:deploy`


## Staging environment
This must be run the first time you try you deploy to staging
1. `$ heroku login`
2. `$ heroku git:remote -a qrtrmstr-ui-staging -r staging`

These commands should be run everytime you want to deploy the dev branch to staging
1. `$ heroku login`
2. `$ source scripts/build-ui.sh`
3. Grab the `app.js` url with the cache-revved hash code
4. Replace `/public/app.js` at bottom of `public/index.html` with `/app.[whatever].js`
5. `$ git push staging dev:master`
